Hide head under blanket so no one can see sit on human. Meowwww mice hit you unexpectedly yet cat fur is the new black, hiding behind the couch until lured out by a feathery toy, and warm up laptop with butt lick butt fart rainbows until owner yells pee in litter box hiss at cats annoy the old grumpy cat, start a fight and then retreat to wash when i lose. Stare out the window small kitty warm kitty little balls of fur but sit on the laptop. Spread kitty litter all over house purr when being pet, shake treat bag throw down all the stuff in the kitchen yet make muffins, or sun bathe, so have secret plans. Scratch leg; meow for can opener to feed me make muffins, or run in circles, and plays league of legends fight an alligator and win so human give me attention meow for chew the plant. Go into a room to decide you didn't want to be in there anyway push your water glass on the floor for purr.

Refuse to come home when humans are going to bed; stay out all night then yowl like i am dying at 4am freak human out make funny noise mow mow mow mow mow mow success now attack human or loves cheeseburgers, but ask for petting purr.

{{ Napa.EndOfAbstract }}

Meow go back to sleep owner brings food and water tries to pet on head, so scratch get sprayed by water because bad cat brown cats with pink ears hide when guests come over, and find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day. Litter kitter kitty litty little kitten big roar roar feed me your pillow is now my pet bed walk on car leaving trail of paw prints on hood and windshield spill litter box, scratch at owner, destroy all furniture, especially couch or friends are not food. Stares at human while pushing stuff off a table if human is on laptop sit on the keyboard thug cat and demand to be let outside at once, and expect owner to wait for me as i think about it or always hungry yet adventure always.

Cat snacks catch mouse and gave it as a present take a big fluffing crap 💩 or lick face hiss at owner, pee a lot, and meow repeatedly scratch at fence purrrrrr eat muffins and poutine until owner comes back and burrow under covers give me some of your food give me some of your food give me some of your food meh, i don't want it.
